Laura content apr21 (#328)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/secure-connections/sauce-connect/setup-configuration/ci-cd-environments.md

---
id: ci-cd-environments
title: CI/CD Environments
sidebar_label: CI/CD Environments
---

## Bamboo Configuration

[Atlassian Bamboo](https://www.atlassian.com/software/bamboo) is a continuous integration server that can be used to automate the release management for your software applications, creating a continuous delivery pipeline.

We offer a plug-in that will integrate your Bamboo builds with Sauce Connect Proxy for automating functional tests. Installation is an easy one-time admin configuration. From there, you can designate builds to test on your preferred browser/OS combinations.

Here are some of the features:

* Embed Sauce reports within your Bamboo test results
* Configure your Bamboo build to specify the browser combinations
* Configure user name and password within Administration interface

Note that this plug-in also has a set of environment variables that are specific to Bamboo. You’ll also need to output the Sauce session ID to the standard output (stdout) to allow the plug-in to associate test results with Sauce jobs.

### More Information
For information on installing and configuring the Sauce Labs plug-in for Bamboo, see the following sections:

> * [Installing and Configuring the Sauce Labs Plugin for Bamboo](https://wiki.saucelabs.com/display/DOCS/Installing+and+Configuring+the+Sauce+Labs+Plugin+for+Bamboo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Installing and Configuring the Sauce Labs Plugin for Bamboo](https://docs.saucelabs.com/ci/bamboo/index.html#installing-the-plugin)
```
